Hello
Hello ma'am
Grandma Sun is awake, aren't you looking for him for something?
Then come over now. Okay.
I'll go now. Hmm.
Xiao Wu, the doctor said that you are all right
Can be discharged
Your mother is tired of taking care of you during this time
Are we going out today?
Have a good meal
Just relax.
Then I'll invite you in two days.
Thank you, I worked hard.
As long as you are well, your mother will be happy. You have really worked too hard recently.
Don't worry, we will take good care of the children.
Mom, we agreed these two days
I will go to the company to help you when you are discharged from the hospital.
Go to the company to gain experience
OK, the company can give it to you.
In-laws!
This is what you said.
No regrets
Your company in the future?
Just leave it to Xiaowu to take care of it for you.
Xiao Wu is my mother
Of course my stuff is his
Madam, if you have anything to say, please tell Grandma Tang
I am the sister of your granddaughter's biological mother
I ask you, is your granddaughter named Song Wu?